done

= Active Support -- Utility classes and Ruby extensions from Rails

Active Support is a collection of utility classes and standard library
extensions that were found useful for the Rails framework. These additions
reside in this package so they can be loaded as needed in Ruby projects
outside of Rails.

You can read more about the extensions in the {Active Support Core Extensions}[https://edgeguides.rubyonrails.org/active_support_core_extensions.html] guide.

== Download and installation

The latest version of Active Support can be installed with RubyGems:

  $ gem install activesupport

Source code can be downloaded as part of the Rails project on GitHub:

* https://github.com/rails/rails/tree/master/activesupport


== License

Active Support is released under the MIT license:

* https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT


== Support

API documentation is at:

* https://api.rubyonrails.org

Bug reports for the Ruby on Rails project can be filed here:

* https://github.com/rails/rails/issues

Feature requests should be discussed on the rails-core mailing list here:

* https://discuss.rubyonrails.org/c/rubyonrails-core

=アクティブサポート-RailsのユーティリティクラスとRuby拡張機能

アクティブサポートはユーティリティクラスと標準ライブラリのコレクションです
Railsフレームワークに役立つことが判明した拡張機能。これらの追加
Rubyプロジェクトに必要に応じてロードできるように、このパッケージに常駐します
Railsの外。

拡張機能の詳細については、{アクティブサポートコア拡張機能} [https://edgeguides.rubyonrails.org/active_support_core_extensions.html]ガイドをご覧ください。

==ダウンロードとインストール

RubyGemsを使用すると、アクティブサポートの最新バージョンをインストールできます。

  $ gem install activesupport

ソースコードは、GitHubのRailsプロジェクトの一部としてダウンロードできます。

* https://github.com/rails/rails/tree/master/activesupport


==ライセンス

アクティブサポートはMITライセンスでリリースされています。

* https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT


==サポート

APIドキュメントは次の場所にあります。

* https://api.rubyonrails.org

Ruby on Railsプロジェクトのバグレポートはこちらから提出できます。

* https://github.com/rails/rails/issues

機能のリクエストは、以下のrails-coreメーリングリストで議論する必要があります。

* https://discuss.rubyonrails.org/c/rubyonrails-core