done

= Action View

Action View is a framework for handling view template lookup and rendering, and provides
view helpers that assist when building HTML forms, Atom feeds and more.
Template formats that Action View handles are ERB (embedded Ruby, typically
used to inline short Ruby snippets inside HTML), and XML Builder.

You can read more about Action View in the {Action View Overview}[https://edgeguides.rubyonrails.org/action_view_overview.html] guide.

== Download and installation

The latest version of Action View can be installed with RubyGems:

  $ gem install actionview

Source code can be downloaded as part of the Rails project on GitHub:

* https://github.com/rails/rails/tree/master/actionview


== License

Action View is released under the MIT license:

* https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT


== Support

API documentation is at

* https://api.rubyonrails.org

Bug reports for the Ruby on Rails project can be filed here:

* https://github.com/rails/rails/issues

Feature requests should be discussed on the rails-core mailing list here:

* https://discuss.rubyonrails.org/c/rubyonrails-core

=アクションビュー

アクションビューは、ビューテンプレートのルックアップとレンダリングを処理するためのフレームワークであり、
HTMLフォームやAtomフィードなどの作成を支援するヘルパーを表示します。
アクションビューが処理するテンプレート形式はERB（組み込みRuby、通常は
HTML内の短いRubyスニペットをインライン化するために使用されます）、およびXMLビルダー。

アクションビューの詳細については、{アクションビューの概要} [https://edgeguides.rubyonrails.org/action_view_overview.html]ガイドをご覧ください。

==ダウンロードとインストール

RubyGemsを使用すると、Action Viewの最新バージョンをインストールできます。

  $ gem install actionview

ソースコードは、GitHubのRailsプロジェクトの一部としてダウンロードできます。

* https://github.com/rails/rails/tree/master/actionview


==ライセンス

Action ViewはMITライセンスでリリースされています。

* https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT


==サポート

APIドキュメントは

* https://api.rubyonrails.org

Ruby on Railsプロジェクトのバグレポートはこちらから提出できます。

* https://github.com/rails/rails/issues

機能のリクエストは、以下のrails-coreメーリングリストで議論する必要があります。

* https://discuss.rubyonrails.org/c/rubyonrails-core